Disneyland is a world-renowned destination for visitors of all ages seeking an immersive entertainment experience. With multiple locations across the globe, Disneyland attracts people from all over the world, and provides visitors with unique cultural and recreational experiences. Understanding and catering to visitor’s demands and expectations is one of the most crucial aspects of running a successful Disneyland Branch.

This analysis aims to explore and identify the key factors that visitors care about during their visits to Disneyland at different locations across the world. Extensive research on visitors’ reviews and ratings will be conducted using a dataset that includes 42000 reviews and ratings of 3 most famous Disneyland branches - Paris, California, and Hong Kong. Another dataset used to support the analysis contains locations and types of Disneyland’s rides, which covers the majority of the rides facilitated at the three branches in this study. Other data such as general information about each branch will be collected and analyzed to support the study of visitor expectations.

Research questions exploring features that are potentially relevant to the sentiment of the review and/or the rating value would be raised and studied. These features include Park area, waiting times for rides, rides experience, weather, amount of visitors, firework experiences, etc.. By answering these questions, this analysis reveals insights about visitors’ perspectives and behaviors and will accordingly provide recommendations on how Disneyland at different locations may improve their offerings, enhance visitor experiences, and increase the overall satisfaction of visitors. With the recommendations, this research is expected to aid Disneyland to optimize its operations and make informed decisions for the future.
